For the first part of this assignment we created the git hook to report on all the security weakenesses from the project, and it seems to be working well. We learned how to work with Git hooks through this portion of the project and were able figure out how to log security weaknesses more easily through GitHub. In our .csv, we have displayed some of these security weaknesses that we can see in the project.

For the part b, we created the fuzz.py file to fuzz 5 different Python methods. This allows us to input different data to make sure that our data validation is working correctly to prevent invalid data/datatypes from being put into these methods. We chose to fuzz getYAMLFiles, readBashAsStr,checkIfValidK8SYAML, scanUserName, and mineSecretGraph. To report the bugs we found: when fuzzing readBashAsStr with an invalid bash script path, we caught a "no such file or directory" error, and when fuzzing mineSecretGraph with an invalid secret graph, we caught a "'NoneType' object is not iterable" error. We learned about some of the things we need to look out for with this section and how fuzzing can be used to determine input errors.

For part c, we integrated forensics into these 5 python methods: mineNetPolGraph, GetYAMLFiles, getHelmTemplateContent, mineSecretGraph, and mineServiceGraph. This allows us to see more about how the code is executing along the way. This also helped us learn more about how digital forensics can be used within a system to uncover bugs and other vulnerabilities within the system by tracking the program throughout its execution.

With all of these sections together, we were able to build a project that allowed for integration of many of the assignments we have done throughout the semester into one cohesive project to see how we can be sure that our programs are maintained and held to a high standard without creating possible vulnerabilities or bugs within our code.